#summary Grimoire implemented domain listing

= Introduction =

The below list are the implemented domains, including the granted powers and spells. Currently there are 16 implemented domains (including the originals). _Italicized_ spells are _not_ implemented.  Spells in *bold* are domain only spells.


= Details =
=== Air Domain ===
*Power: *  Turn or destroy earth creatures as a good cleric turns undead. Rebuke, command, or bolster air creatures as an evil cleric rebukes undead. Use these abilities a total a number of times per day equal to 3 + your Charisma modifier. This granted power is a
supernatural ability.

*Spells: *
  # Obscuring Mist
  # Gust of Wind
  # Call Lightning
  # _Air Walk_
  # Talos' Wrath
  # Chain Lightning
  # _Control Weather_
  # _Whirlwind_
  # Elemental Swarm  _(Cast as an air spell only)_

=== Animal Domain ===
*Power: * Gain higher powered animal summons at each level.

*Spells: *
  # Calm Animals
  # Hold Animal
  # Dominate Animal
  # Summon Creature IV
  # Polymorph Self
  # Antilife Shell
  # Animal Shapes
  # Summon Creature VIII
  # Shapechange

=== Chaos Domain ===
*Power: * You cast chaos spells at +1 caster level.

*Spells: *
  # Protection from Law
  # _Shatter_
  # Magic Circle against Law
  # *Chaos Hammer*
  # *Dispel Law*
  # _Animate Objects_
  # Word of Chaos
  # Cloak of Chaos
  # Summon Creature IX _(summons only chaotic creatures)_

=== Charm Domain ===
*Power: Splendor of Eagles:* You can boost your Charisma by 4 points once per day. Activating this power is a free action. The Charisma increase lasts 1 minute.

*Spells: *
  # Charm Person
  # Calm Emotions
  # _Suggestion_
  # Good Hope
  # Charm Monster
  # _Geas/Quest_
  # Insanity
  # _Demand_
  # Dominate Monster

=== Darkness Domain ===
*Power: * You gain Blind-Fight as a bonus feat.

*Spells: *
  # Obscuring Mist
  # Blindness/Deafness
  # *Blacklight*
  # *Armor of Darkness*
  # *Darkbolt*
  # _Prying Eyes_
  # _Nightmare_
  # Power Word Blind
  # Power Word Kill

=== Death Domain===
*Power: * You may use a death touch once per day. Your death touch is a supernatural  ability that produces a death effect. You must succeed on a melee touch attack against a  living creature (using the rules for touch spells). When you touch, roll 1d6 per cleric level you possess. If the total at least equals the creature’s current hit points, it dies (no save).

*Spells: *
  # Cause Fear
  # Death Knell
  # Animate Dead
  # Death Ward
  # Slay Living
  # Create Undead
  # Destruction
  # Create Greater Undead
  # Wail of the Banshee

=== Destruction Domain ===
*Power: * You gain the smite power, the supernatural ability to make a single melee attack with a +4 bonus on attack rolls and a bonus on damage rolls equal to your cleric level (if you hit). This ability is usable once per day.

*Spells: *
  # Inflict Light Wounds
  # _Shatter_
  # Contagion
  # Inflict Critical Wounds
  # Inflict Light Wounds, Mass
  # Harm
  # Disintegrate
  # Earthquake
  # Implosion

=== Drow Domain ===
*Power: * You gain Lightning Reflexes as a bonus feat.

*Spells: *
  # _Cloak of Dark Power_
  # Clairaudience/Clairvoyance
  # _Suggestion_
  # _Discern Lies_
  # *Spiderform*
  # Dispel Magic, Greater
  # Word of Chaos
  # Planar Binding, Greater
  # Gate

=== Dwarf Domain ===
*Power: * You gain Great Fortitude as a bonus feat.

*Spells: *
  # Magic Weapon
  # Bear’s Endurance
  # Glyph of Warding
  # Magic Weapon, Greater
  # _Fabricate_
  # _Stone Tell_
  # Dictum
  # Protection from Spells
  # Elemental Swarm _(cast as Earth spell only.)_